# Research-Utility-Paper-Results
This repository contains the results of the experiments described in the paper "Dataset anonymization with purpose: a resource allocation use case". The paper is currently under submission.

## Abstract 
Nowadays, companies are collecting huge amounts of data. Applying the collected data to optimize the business activities can significantly improve profit margins. In this context, companies often want to enhance their models by enriching the data with data from external sources. Increasingly, companies are also considering selling data as an additional source of income. Governments are also willing to share citizen data with businesses. The GDPR regulation, introduced in may 2018 provides a framework for different parties (commercial, governmental, academic) to share and sell data provided that the data is anonymized. The effect of this anonymization step on the quality of the data (and the resulting business optimization conclusions) are still unclear. Utility and quality metrics that exist are purely theoretical, and do not grasp the purpose of the anonymized data, resulting in discrepancies between the expected and the actual utility of an anonymized dataset. This work studies the practical utility of anonymized datasets. It assesses the effect of applying the K-anonymity metric and dataset sampling on the utility of the data by conducting experiments on a resource allocation use case. Practical guidelines are presented for anonymizing datasets while maintaining a high degree of practical utility.

## Repository Content

This repository consists of 5 folders: Datasets, AnonymizedDataset, AnonymizedDatasetStats, OptimizedStatistics and Results.

### Datasets

The **Datasets** folder contains the datasets that were used to obtain the results.

### AnonymizedDataset

The **AnonymizedDataset** folder contains all anonymized datasets, as generated by the ARX tool.

### AnonymizedDatasetStats

The **AnonymizedDatasetStats** folder contains csv files with all metrics related to the anonymized datasets. The files contain the folowing information in order (one value on each line): 
node name - highest score - lowest score - total generalization level - number of suppressed records - non uniform entropy - discerniblity - precision

### OptimizedStatistics

The **OptimizedStatistics** folder contains two files for each generated anonymous dataset. 

\<samplingrate\>-detailled.csv contains the total cost for each individual sample and the complete solution. 

\<samplingrate\>-rau.csv contains an overview of the average RAU values.

### Results

The **Results** folder combines the results of our experiments in one general overview.
